# PagerDuty + ***Twingate*** Integration Benefits

* Notify on-call responders based on the errors generated by Twingate
* Monitor the Twingate resources availibity

# How it Works

* Error message generated by the Twingate connector will send an event trigger to a service in PagerDuty
* The error message from the same resource can be grouped by PagerDuty **Intelligent Alert Grouping**


# Requirements

* Twingate connector deployed
* PagerDuty integrations require an Admin base role for account authorization. If you do not have this role, please reach out to an Admin or Account Owner within your organization to configure the integration.

# Support

If you need help with this integration, please open an issue at the [Twingate Labs - Twingate PagerDuty](https://github.com/Twingate-Labs/twingate-pagerduty) GitHub repository.

# Integration Walkthrough

1. From the **Configuration** menu, select **Services**.
2. There are two ways to add an integration to a service:
    * **If you are adding your integration to an existing service**: Click the **name** of the service you want to add the integration to. Then, select the **Integrations** tab and click the **New Integration** button.
    * **If you are creating a new service for your integration**: Please read our documentation in section [Configuring Services and Integrations](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/services-and-integrations#section-configuring-services-and-integrations) and follow the steps outlined in the [Create a New Service](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/services-and-integrations#section-create-a-new-service) section, selecting Twingate as the **Integration Type** in step 4. Continue with the **In Twingate** section (below) once you have finished these steps.
4. Click the **Add Integration** button to save your new integration. You will be redirected to the Integrations tab for your service.
5. An **Integration Key** will be generated on this screen. Keep this key saved in a safe place, as it will be used when you configure the integration with Twingate in the next section.

## In Twingate Connector Server
Enable Twingate connector analytics logging:
-   Add the line line `TWINGATE_LOG_ANALYTICS=v1` in file `/etc/twingate/connector.conf`
-   Restart Twingate Connector `sudo service twingate-connector restart`

Modify and execute the line below to construct the configuration file
```
sudo echo -e 'PAGERDUTY_INTEGRATION_URL={Your Integration URL Here}' > /etc/twingate/twingate-pagerduty.conf
```

Execute following commands to create monitor bash script and service file
```
sudo echo -e '#!/bin/bash\nCONTENT_TYPE="application/json"\n. /etc/twingate/twingate-pagerduty.conf\njournalctl -u twingate-connector -f -n 0 | \\\nwhile read line ; do\n        echo "$line" | grep \"error_message\"\n        if [ $? = 0 ]\n        then\n                log="${line##*ANALYTICS }"\n                curl -H ${CONTENT_TYPE} -X POST -d "$log" ${PAGERDUTY_INTEGRATION_URL}\n        fi\ndone' > /usr/bin/twingate-pagerduty.sh
sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/twingate-pagerduty.sh
sudo echo -e '[Unit]\nDescription=Twingate PagerDuty Monitor Integration	\nAfter=network-online.target\n\n[Service]\nType=simple\nExecStart=/usr/bin/twingate-pagerduty.sh\n\n[Install]\nWantedBy=multi-user.target' > /etc/systemd/system/twingate-pagerduty.service
sudo systemctl daemon-reload 
```


Start the twingate-pagerduty service
```
sudo service twingate-pagerduty start
```

# How to Uninstall

1. Navigate to **Services** **Service Directory** select or search for the **service** with the integration you wish to delete.
2. Select the **Integrations** tab to the right of the integration you wish to delete.
3. On the right side, select **Delete Integration**.
4. Confirm your selection in the dialog window.

## In Twingate Connector Server
Stop twingate-pagerduty service
```
sudo service twingate-pagerduty stop
```

Remove configuration, service and script
```
sudo rm -f /etc/twingate/twingate-pagerduty.conf /usr/bin/twingate-pagerduty.sh /usr/bin/twingate-pagerduty.sh 
```